{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19140\viewh6960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ls -mpt\
\
\
\
     -p      Write a slash (\'91/\'92) after each filename if that file is a directory.\
\
\
  -t      Sort by descending time modified (most recently modified first).  If two files have the same modification timestamp, sort\
             their names in ascending lexicographical order.  The -r option reverses both of these sort orders.\
\
             Note that these sort orders are contradictory: the time sequence is in descending order, the lexicographical sort is in\
             ascending order.  This behavior is mandated by IEEE Std 1003.2 (\'93POSIX.2\'94).  This feature can cause problems listing\
             files stored with sequential names on FAT file systems, such as from digital cameras, where it is possible to have more\
             than one image with the same timestamp.  In such a case, the photos cannot be listed in the sequence in which they were\
             taken.  To ensure the same sort order for time and for lexicographical sorting, set the environment variable LS_SAMESORT\
             or use the -y option.  This causes ls to reverse the lexicographical sort order when sorting files with the same\
             modification timestamp.\
\
\
\
 -,      (Comma) When the -l option is set, print file sizes grouped and separated by thousands using the non-monetary separator\
             returned by localeconv(3), typically a comma or period.  If no locale is set, or the locale does not have a non-monetary\
             separator, this option has no effect.  This option is not defined in IEEE Std 1003.1-2001 (\'93POSIX.1\'94).}