{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f5\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f6\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green10\blue30;\red65\green128\blue255;\red61\green52\blue46;
\red234\green54\blue39;\red251\green251\blue249;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1569\c4706\c15686;\cssrgb\c31373\c59216\c100000\c18039;\cssrgb\c30588\c26667\c23529;
\cssrgb\c94510\c30588\c19608;\cssrgb\c98824\c98824\c98039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19140\viewh6960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Solution:\ulnone \
\
#!/bin/sh\
\
git ls-files --others --ignored --exclude-standard
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
Tried but didn\'92t work:\
git ls-files --others --ignored --exclude-standard\
git ls-files -ic --exclude-per-directory=.gitignore
\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b0 nb: don\'92t understand others vs cached here but whatever
\f2\b \

\f0\b0 git ls-files --others --ignored --exclude-standard\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 Sort of works:
\f4\b \ulnone \
git status \'97ignored 
\f3\b0 yields:\
\
Changes not staged for commit:\
(\'85)\
Untracked files:\
(\'85)\
Ignored files:\
  (use "git add -f <file>..." to include in what will be committed)\
	testfile
\f4\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
git check-ignore -v *\
=> ex06/.gitignore:1:git_ignore.sh	git_ignore.sh\
ex06/.gitignore:2:testfile	testfile\
git check-ignore -v .\
=> no output (not even blank line)\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Other commands:
\f2\b \ulnone \
grep
\f0\b0 \
     -l, --files-with-matches\
             Only the names of files containing selected lines are written to standard output.  grep will only search a file until a\
             match has been found, making searches potentially less expensive.  Pathnames are listed once per file searched.  If the\
             standard input is searched, the string \'93(standard input)\'94 is written unless a --label is specified.\
\
\
\
git ls-files:\
       -i, --ignored\
           Show only ignored files in the output. Must be used with either an explicit -c or -o. When showing files in the index (i.e.\
           when used with -c), print only those files matching an exclude pattern. When showing "other" files (i.e. when used with\
           -o), show only those matched by an exclude pattern. Standard ignore rules are not automatically activated, therefore at\
           least one of the --exclude* options is required.
\f4\b\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa220\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gitignore
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs36 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PATTERN FORMAT\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa220\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b0\fs28 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A blank line matches no files, so it can serve as a separator for readability.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa220\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A line starting with # serves as a comment. Put a backslash ("
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 \\
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ") in front of the first hash for patterns that begin with a hash.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Trailing spaces are ignored unless they are quoted with backslash ("
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 \\
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ").\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An optional prefix "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 !
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " which negates the pattern; any matching file excluded by a previous pattern will become included again. It is not possible to re-include a file if a parent directory of that file is excluded. Git doesn\'92t list excluded directories for performance reasons, so any patterns on contained files have no effect, no matter where they are defined. Put a backslash ("
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 \\
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ") in front of the first "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 !
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " for patterns that begin with a literal "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 !
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ", for example, "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 \\!important!.txt
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ".\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The slash\'a0
\f6\b /
\f3\b0 \'a0is used as the directory separator. Separators may occur at the beginning, middle or end of the\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 .gitignore
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0search pattern.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If there is a separator at the beginning or middle (or both) of the pattern, then the pattern is relative to the directory level of the particular\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 .gitignore
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0file itself. Otherwise the pattern may also match at any level below the\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 .gitignore
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0level.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If there is a separator at the end of the pattern then the pattern will only match directories, otherwise the pattern can match both files and directories.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For example, a pattern\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 doc/frotz/
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0matches\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 doc/frotz
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0directory, but not\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 a/doc/frotz
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0directory; however\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 frotz/
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0matches\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 frotz
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0and\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 a/frotz
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0that is a directory (all paths are relative from the\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 .gitignore
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0file).\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An asterisk "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 *
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " matches anything except a slash. The character "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 ?
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " matches any one character except "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 /
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ". The range notation, e.g.\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 [a-zA-Z]
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 , can be used to match one of the characters in a range. See fnmatch(3) and the FNM_PATHNAME flag for a more detailed description.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb6 Two consecutive asterisks ("
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 **
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ") in patterns matched against full pathname may have special meaning:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa220\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A leading "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 **
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " followed by a slash means match in all directories. For example, "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 **/foo
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " matches file or directory "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 foo
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " anywhere, the same as pattern "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 foo
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ". "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 **/foo/bar
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " matches file or directory "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 bar
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " anywhere that is directly under directory "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 foo
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ".\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A trailing "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 /**
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " matches everything inside. For example, "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 abc/**
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " matches all files inside directory "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 abc
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ", relative to the location of the\'a0
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 .gitignore
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 \'a0file, with infinite depth.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A slash followed by two consecutive asterisks then a slash matches zero or more directories. For example, "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 a/**/b
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " matches "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 a/b
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ", "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 a/x/b
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 ", "
\f5 \cf5 \cb7 a/x/y/b
\f3 \cf4 \cb6 " and so on.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Other consecutive asterisks are considered regular asterisks and will match according to the previous rules.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\
Notes\
}